# Node.JS_course_with_certificate
Practical certified Node.JS course

Node. js is primarily used for non-blocking, event-driven servers, due to its single-threaded nature. It's used for traditional web sites and back-end API services, but was designed with real-time, push-based architectures in mind Node. js is a runtime environment that allows software developers to launch both the frontend and backend of web apps using JavaScript. Although JS underpins all the processes for app assembly, as a backend development environment, Node. js, differs from the frontend environment. Node JS is not a programming language, but it allows developers to use JavaScript, which is a programming language that allows users to build web applications. This tool is mostly used by programmers who use JavaScript to write Server-Side scripts. A "node", in this context, is simply an HTML element. The "DOM" is a tree structure that represents the HTML of the website, and every HTML element is a "node". See Document Object Model (DOM). More specifically, "Node" is an interface that is implemented by multiple other objects, including "document" and "element" Netflix, the world's leading Internet television network with over 117 million users, is one of those top companies that trusted his servers to Node. js. It uses copious amounts of A/B testing to provide a rich experience for the users of its high-capacity data-driven platform The biggest drawback of Node. js even now is its inability to process CPU bound tasks. ... js is a runtime environment that executes JavaScript on the server side. Being a frontend programming language, JavaScript uses a single thread to process tasks quickly. 
